0|Side Ally Hotel is located by the sea on Side Titreyengöl tourism centre where you will fınd a peaceful environment for both you and your family 
		The hotel has 162 standard 2-bed 10 standard large and 30 more family rooms total capacity of 202 rooms and 460 beds 
		In 2014 the furniture in the room bathrooms hallways lobby and public areas have been renovated for your comfortable and relaxing holiday
	There are outdoor and indoor pools in the hotel which will keep the children occupied The hotel also provides activities for kids such as a mini disco mini club playground in the garden and much more
	        The hotel is right by the beach and sun beds are free of charge
1| Mar y Heurta situated centrally, just opposite the main square, in Santa Eulalia in the Es Cana beach, with the beach only 20 meters away! 
		There is a choice of shops, restaurants and bars within a walking distance.
		The hotel facilities include a bar/snack bar, a buffet-service dinning-room, a swimming pool, a sun terrace, a garden and a children's playground.
2| Mar y Heurta situated centrally, just opposite the main square, in Santa Eulalia in the Es Cana beach, with the beach only 20 meters away! 
		There is a choice of shops, restaurants and bars within a walking distance. The hotel facilities include a bar/snack bar, a buffet-service dinning-room, a swimming pool, a sun terrace, a garden and a children's playground. 
3| hhhhhhhyryqeb5qb
4| Hotel All'Angelo is located in an ancient 17th century palazzo, just 50 metres from St Mark's Square and the Doge Palace with its Bridge of Sighs.
       		This Venetian Four Star Hotel is set in the most historic and picturesque centre of Venice and now proudly houses and displays a priceless collection of artwork created by many of the artists who have visited. 
		The 56 rooms at the Hotel all'Angelo, recreate the refined atmosphere and artistic variety of the Venetian medieval city.
		Other amenities include: Air conditioning, mini-bar, Satellite TV, inroom safe and hairdryer.
5| The stylish Clube Praia da Oura Portugal is a large 3-star apartment complex located just outside the beautiful resort of Albufeira, Portugal. 
		A few minutes’ walk from the stunning sandy beaches of The Algarve, the complex is the perfect beachfront getaway for couples and families. 
         	Clube Praia Da Oura apartments are clustered around the two swimming pools which boast ample space on the terraces for sunbathing and snoozing under a parasol.	
		From tennis to bowling, there are a variety of sports on offer, and if that’s not enough the hotel has an on-site fitness centre and a spa equipped with outdoor sauna and four Jacuzzis! 
		For the little ones there is a children’s pool and kids’ club so you can relax by the pool with a cocktail from one of the four bars whilst they’re kept entertained. 
		The Clube Praia Da Oura features 561 self-catering apartments. A typical apartment at has a living/dining area, bedroom / sofa bed, kitchenette with fridge, two electric rings, oven or microwave, Satellite TV, DVD Player, fan, in-room safety deposit box, telephone, fully equipped bathroom with hairdryer and furnished terrace or balcony.,Praia D Oura